Well.
So let's start this problem by writing a brute force solution of this problem statement.
What we'll do is we'll go over all the numbers from one looking at it, and we will check whether it
is satisfying this condition or not.
If it is satisfying this condition, added Andrew.
Otherwise, I'll turn back to just brute force solution, nothing else.
By using this rigidity approach that I have already.
Explain to you.
But he knew.
Yeah.
Won.
Let's do this.
Because I think you'd understand that it'd be far better in this order.
Okay, so here, what we have is we have two numbers.
The first is year, which is very big, and the second is division and beta.
So let's take it and sing.
And let's take this as an integer eight.
It's called Let's Make the input here.
Cool.
Now it's like a brute force audition, which will, let's call it DP only then, starting from index
zero.
So what I'm doing is I'm going for all the numbers from one to kill.
I'm going for all the numbers from one.
Of course, here will be having zero.
Also as a number alone very will consider zero to be exceptional.
Case eight.
Now I have all the numbers from one to K.
Let's go down all the numbers from one to give us, and then we'll do the second part, which is.
Okay.
Comes first not be.
Saad Saad from the other index.
Keep on placing numbers eight and last is true initially.
Four.
Okay, so let's call it an IP.
Next IP and we have our last.
It should be a boolean.
And what's the third thing I think we learned later, which is you're depending on the mortality rate.
Mulugeta.
So yeah.
So what I say is I answered the question zero initially and nothing is.
Just go over all the digits.
Idiots will go from zero to.
Till date and what was the deal?
It we copied the deal from this particular part.
It paid for digital started from zero go retail.
And what will it do?
It will simply call BP AI plus one.
The last is through on live.
Okay.
Let's copy it on the air only.
So if this really goes to deal, this statement is true.
And if last is true that and both of them are true, then only the last will be true for the next particular
location.
So what we'll do is I'll simply say, okay, answer.
Plus it goes through DP.
So whatever the values, whatever the answers are there on the last part and simply added it and it's
back from my answer.
So right now what I'm doing is I'm going from one looking and taking some of the values, right?
So what will this answer depend on?
This will be true only if the number that is formed.
It is.
It's a digital based and is a multiple of the.
So how will I figure out whether.
Digit of a number in based and is a multiple of.
The.
Okay.
Some issues.
It's just going.
So let's say I have a number and it is 50 or five, six, seven it.
I'm making this number by going one digit at a time.
You can easily see I'm going making this anytime.
I want to find out whether it is divisible by seven or not, but we all have gone through the modification.
This should not be out of this number can be broken down into five.
Okay.
It can be broken down into five and return to the power three.
Plus 602 is about to blow 780 power oneplus 800 into the power.
Zero.
And if I want to find out whether it is divisible by seven or not, then it's very easy.
Just distribute seven inside.
It becomes five during the Devour.
Three more seven.
Plus 600 and the power to March seven.
The 701 March seven.
Plus it entered into the Baba zero, March seven.
March seven and hold March seven.
Well, this should not be for you to understand.
Just the modular properties.
Again, models can again be distributed inside that it is it goes to five more seven and do indeed the
power three more seven.
And so on.
Eight.
What I'm doing is whenever I'll be moving on the net, whenever I'll be placing a digit.
Whenever I am placing a digital number at this particular location, I'm simply multiplying the number
ten and adding a digit.
Whenever I'm multiplying it by ten and adding a dessert, I simply take more.
But nothing is.
If I want to make five, six, seven, eight.
Then what I'm doing is in my case.
There's some issues with my laptop, I guess.
If that means the laptop.
Well, what I'm doing is in the first attempt placing a digit five in the second time making it six
seven.
And then what happens is five.
First I have five, then I have five and ten.
My little I'm taking more by seven.
So in the first iteration, what happens?
500 and more seven, which is 51 seven, which is one.
Now I have that more equal to one eight.
So it will be one and do ten more seven in the next iteration.
And then literacy goes to three, so three into ten.
Okay.
So it won't be actually one.
So I know I have more.
Okay.
So right now I have my equal to one here in this case.
Right now I'm adding six after 50.
So fifties mod was one.
So what will be six more?
It will be.
50 plus six March seven.
Well, which is nothing but vivosmart, which I already have.
It is one plus six more.
Devin Ray and this is he goes to zero zero in ten will be going to zero Wayne Newton because when I'll
be adding seven I want it's smart.
Well.
Oh.
Yep.
So let's inculcate that thing into my good.
The hard part initially when I'm starting from Zero The Mighty zero eight.
So here I have the 13 gold.
Mort.
Now in this value, I am simply multiplying it by ten.
So whatever mod I have got, I'm simply multiplying it by ten and adding a dessert so that the new digit
comes into play.
So what I have is more than ten plus a digit they're demanding.
And just think more about my body.
Because we wanted to learn more.
Whenever I'm making a number, I'm making the number in two steps, which is 15 plus six, then into
ten plus something, then in two, then do something.
The minimum I'm doing in, then something.
I'm just thinking more birdie to not be an issue.
It's a distributed property rate.
Mortgages are distributed property.
So yeah.
So I have Maude also and I have the list also and I have the indexes also.
I now what is the basis?
If I is equal to greater size, they the stronger.
If I is, it goes to greater say the mean time on the last part.
And if I want the last first I'll return.
One or zero, depending whether the malt is equal to zero or not.
So that's the mean statement that if the sum of their digits is a.
Okay.
So I misread the problem.
It sees some of the digits it doesn't see.
The more of that number eight.
Okay.
I misread it, but it is not 45685678 modulo some particular seven.
It is not this.
It is five plus six plus seven plus eight.
Modulo.
Seven.
Hey.
So here, I don't have to multiply it by ten.
Just add the wizard and take it all.
And if it would have been there, how many numbers?
Which are less than a.
Autumn multiple.
How many numbers.
They not some of the digits in based.
If if it would be.
Yeah.
If it would have been that that how many numbers which I didn't get.
The answer would be simple.
We have two numbers which are divisible by eight.
From Kentucky, but now it is some of digit.
I misread the problem.
So what we'll do, what we will do is whatever mode we are getting, we'll just add the desert to that
modern day mode by the end, pass it on as the new mode for the next step, that same grid and if mode
is equal to zero or not.
Right?
So how do we check that if maat is equal to zero.
So start boarding in shortcuts.
It will help you.
It will help you save time.
So if Mark is equal to zero, this will return true because this is a condition statement.
Okay.
It should not be as it should be.
I got started, so I'm getting along well.
Yeah.
So what I've got, I've got seven there.
There are seven numbers which are diesel.
It was.
Some of digit is divisible by four.
Let's stick with one.
That is correct.
Or not.
No, it's not correct.
So why am I getting seven?
Because there is this one extent of my guys, which is when the problem has been clearly mentioned there
from took it only I wanted the numbers and this zero is disabled by having them but eight the sum of
digits of zero is equal by every number.
So that's why I'm getting seven.
So instead of seven, what we'll do is we'll just print it by minus one.
Let's have minus one.
And of course, we want the mortality by nine over seven.
So here we have two.
We'll do that later.
Let's not worry about it.
So it is six.
We are getting a correct answer.
And now what we have, let's copy this pasted.
It's normal because in a normal regression with the base case without constant that okay go little this
particular digit and adding all the answers and returning back.
It's been this.
Okay.
So it's taking time.
Why is it taking time?
Because the number is huge.
It's one.
It's ten to the power, eight or nine plus name.
It's a huge number of things.
It's taking a lot of time.
And of course, how many numbers will be divisible by one?
All the numbers will be divided by one.
So the answer should be this.
Only I'm getting this.
Of course, it took a lot of time, but still I'm getting an answer.
And this will take a lot of time, too, because, again, it's a very big number and it goes in.
We'll go over all the numbers and so on.
But guys, just think about this.
It how how many states do mendip has, i.e. goes from 0 to 10 to deport four because it is going for
all the indexes of the number.
The number is of length going to divide four eight.
I'm talking about the length of the number, not the limit of the number, the length of it, the length
of the digits, how many digits it can contain and the buffer because he has these many digits.
Last is only true of all the tabulation value and more can be how many will lose gross margin or lose
realized in the if more it is always less than D then we have only undervalues it.
If we have only 100 values in the third location, then how many total states are possible?
What is DP?
The total seeds which are possible.
Is I to.
Last year do.
The which is in the worst case scenario brought forward into doing Doha, which is to introduce about
six.
Right.
What if I memorize it?
Of course, guys, this is a brute force audition.
This is going over all the details that are the way this is going, what already are there and finding
the some.
But this is what dynamic programming is.
It is optimized equations.
So let's optimize it because we have only ended up over six different states.
All the other states are kind of feeding into all these states, right?
We are trying to devote six boxes and we have to devour nine numbers in this case, in this particular
input, all these changes one nine numbers will fit into these tend to devices, six boxes.
Eight.
According to the general principle, there will be some rebuilding times and we don't want to get those
in between them.
So let's memorize it.
Let's take the constant values that we use to take.
Staggered ended about four.
And in Memo.
For I was lost and for more.
So it's a tragedy, basically.
So this mod this this particular location, let's call it.
Because it's going we know that it goes in and it only it is less than equal to under.
Yeah.
It should work because.
The values will be lessened and it will it memoires it.
We know how to memorize it.
Mama.
I'm a minus one.
Ackerman signs of.
So, guys, I just wanted you to I just wanted to make you understand this still part.
How is this recording going for all the numbers, which are less than 75?
And then I want you to understand that, okay.
If you're going for all the numbers.
But all those numbers are have only three states.
These three states, eight.
So we have made.
The memo made by minus one.
So what we do is normal memorization events.
It should be.
It is Memo.
I.
But he lost.
And this is.
Mart.
Well, if answer is not equal to minus under, then unsaid advice.
Answer this, you know.
This.
This is normal minimization.
And now you can see that it's working really fast.
Really quick.
It's sick with some big numbers.
Talk about this.
Okay.
So what we have is we have five to something.
So we are not getting a correct answer because I have not considered tainted by name to seven moderate.
But I hope you have understood this.
And this is the original answer.
These many numbers, numbers from between one and nine, eight, seven, six, whatever the value is.
These many numbers are divisible by 58, eight.
And I want the answer moderate, enabling them to say I want to believe it.
I'm doing the calculation I just ignored.
Let's take.
Oh, let's call it less.
His buddy, Nameless Stephen.
So here I am adding I just simply say my request to more or less.
Well and.
And here also, I'm subtracting your trade.
So whenever I break something, I will add more or less to it.
And then again, take artists.
Police.
I hope this has been very clear to all of us.
The model is probably the billboard.
So this is the GDP, the digital print, I think it now is.
You might be wondering that again, the GDP problems we have ranges from year to year.
And so in this world also we could have a range that from L2 are telling me how many numbers some of
the data and based on is on multiple of D instead of one to get let's say I have L2, but then I can
solve it very easily.
Right.
If I have something from L2.
Ah then what I can do is I can find out that how many such possible terms are there from 1 to 4, and
I can simply subtract it.
How many such possible terms are from one to L minus one?
Late, but this will be my final answer if I want to find out how many such dumps are there from El
Dorado.
Well.
This should not be an issue.
So now you have understood what is the GDP and how how does leadership work?
And it comes hand in many places.
So I would suggest you do just roam around a little bit and solve some pretty deep problems at the from
hectoring or voices whenever it suits you.
Hey, let's build it again.
Modulus is ambiguous.
Okay.
It's.
Name it.
If more or less.
And because well, what we have is six three, five, two, whatever we are getting.
It's true.
If I do, it's correct.
It's talk about this.
STU Correct.
Because Dan's written by nameless and nine named name.
And if I take MODERATOR Neubauer name just seven, it will be two will and it's copy and it's omitted
on at quarter and it's sig whether it's working or not.
I hope you understood the basics of leadership.
This is the most basic problem.
Eight of the GDP.
This is the most important part, this last ankle.
Well.
So it works 200 milliseconds, not a big time.
I really disturbed this, guys.
So thank you.
Thank you, everyone.